Introduction

The World Wide Web is in a continuous evolution. In an attempt to highlight developments in this area, certain stages in this evolution have been defined, namely Web 1.0, Web 2.0, Web 3.0, Web 4.0.
In the beginning, Web 1.0, the main purpose of those who create web pages was to provide information. The content was static, stored in files and folders on the server, there was no interactivity with the visitors. Styling was not separate from the text, tables and frames were used to place the content in the page. Browsers did not promote a tags standard, leading to incompatibility issues and data from in a form should have been mailed. The need for interaction will be the one that will make the transition to the next stage.
web 2.0 or social web has been marked by user participation in the creation and distribution of text or multimedia content. Social networking platforms allowed users to share their thoughts and experiences by interacting with each other. Web pages have become dynamic, providing personalized content integrating the result of querying databases. Languages become standardized.[50]
Currently (Web 3.0) we talk about web semantics, a way for applications to understand the meaning of information on the web. Other features include the use of artificial intelligence with natural language processing, 3D Graphics with three-dimensional design u biquity with development of mobile devices and internet access everywhere [51].
Which will be the next stage in the evolution of www (Web 4.0)? Here the opinions differ. It will be Web of Things, which is a subset of the general concept of Internet of Things, that information flow will be highly personalized, augmented and virtual reality will have a far greater impact on users and social interactions or q symbiotic Web, considering that individuals and commercial enterprises are mutually dependent. [52]
Returning to the current state of the web, the focus has now been on enhancing metadata, data that adds significance to existing data. It is intended that WWW to be a provider of information and not just data. In this regard, it is necessary that the data gathered from different locations to be easily understood by the software agents.
To achieve this goal, a standardized representation of knowledge is required. Ontology is a way of representing knowledge. There are many tools for creating, editing, and viewing ontologies, and it is a question of choosing the most appropriate tool for the ontology according to the complexity of ontology and user-owned knowledge. 
The aim of this study is to provide a comparative view of the best known free tools for editing ontologies. Such comparative studies have been made in the past, but in view of the continuous evolution of the instruments, comparative studies are required periodically.
For this comparison, in order to evaluate each tool, I have created a demonstrating ontology that attempts to model artificial intelligence algorithms, and I imported a existing ontology. Demonstrative ontology is described in Chapter 3. Editing tools and evaluation criteria are listed in Chapter 4. The evaluation tools are extensively analyzed in Chapter 5.



[50] https://disenowebakus.net/en/web-evolution
[51] https://blockgeeks.com/guides/web-3-0/
[52] https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/d38c/0b90e2501a34c8d8da9f985b079dea778d6b.pdf - I S S N   2 2 7 7-3061V o l u m e   1 6   N u m b e r   7I n t e r n a t i o n a lj o u r n a l   o f   C o m p u t e r s   a n d   T e c h n o l o g y7040|P a g eN o v e m b e r, 2017http://cirworld.com/                                                                             DOI: 10.24297/ijct.v16i7.6446Concept and Dimensions of Web 4.0Fernando AlmeidaAssociate Professor, Faculty of Engineering of Oporto University, INESC TEC, Porto, Portugal
